>> Mathew DesLauriers: And
so now we have this circle.
And we're getting there.
We can try a few other things,
we can start to add random
numbers here and there.
You can start to maybe just randomly
start to throw things around.
So maybe instead of color A, we do color A
assign + Vec three or something like that.
Sometimes it will be black or white.
And this is where we can just start
to have some fun with the values.
Another this is maybe instead
of using x we can use y,
or we could even use something
like vuv.x plus vuv.y.
And all of a sudden we're gonna
start to get this gradient
that's no longer just horizontal or
vertical.
If you really want to get advanced
with this you can do one direction.
So vuv.y plus another direction
x multiplied by sine of time.
And that's gonna mean that instead of
doing a vertical or horizontal gradient or
instead of doing a diagonal gradient, this
gradient's gonna be sort of moving and
rotating and shifting and
turning around in a sort of weird way.
And this is sort of one of the things
to keep in mind when we're dealing with
shaders and
when we're dealing with generative code or
just any type of creative coding.
Is you have to really open
to just tweaking values and
sometimes hitting errors, and
if there's an error that's okay,
it'll just pop up in your browser and
your console.
Usually the line number
will be pointed out to you.
But yeah, just be really open to tweaking
numbers and playing with these things.
Sometimes instead of sine you can use cos,
this is another thing to just play with.
This is kind of of the beauty of working
with this code is even if you aren't
a math expert,
you can still use these functions just to
create different interesting
sort of results.